Let go of the old habits
Check your mixing constantly and watch how you play
Do you take advantage of the cassette?
Fix classic crashes and glitches
Listen, the tape does you much more good
Test recordings in which you have human interactions
The situation becomes more tense.
Think of what it could mean for the orchestra -
Work on the most direct paths to another goal (e.g., to change the weather or clear the sea)
If you seem to be misinterpreting what they mean, give them a precise description.
Laugh at yourself for how stupid you are
Take a step back and let yourself go
Find out where you want to go
Check it - hear it with real authority
Negotiate things to which you can no longer respond.
What is your relationship like as a medium?
I can't remember a theme
Read your thoughts
Check notes for sound (size, frequency, note range etc.)
This can seem like another sonic adventure:
Add new concepts to the playing
Good show all the time
The field of symmetry is never changed
Keep there your intuition and focus
Sit still, remove yourself from a long interview session
Just build on the next stage
Work on relationships between people - collect experiences and ask questions
Make an album for yourself and no one else
I don't think it is needed at all
Do a repeat without anyone asking you
Help musicians understand their roles in the cultural landscape
Lecturer
Evaluate the audio using a hands-on approach
Digitize your focus
Go on and on
Resist's challenge
Take the first step toward understanding the solution and learning from it
Compare and contrast images of real objects
Go straight to your free-fall
Imagine standing on a set of central levers, suddenly pressing an action
Stop talking, stop saying anything
Take the idea one step further
When you're finally ready to get out of bed
Be unappreciative of what you're doing
And how does it feel to talk about it?
Graduate student
Don't worry about missteps (you're simply already making it, right?)
New ideas
Create a pattern for the music to display
Three times and you win every time and draw four straight cards
Chute volume up
How does you hold onto those who misunderstand you?
Shred backwards
Use a perfect name
Stop moving - find a new idea
Put a love note into your relationship
Relativize the job of establishing continuity
Show off your skills
Is this not part of the general-purpose process?
People are asking: "What are we in for?"
You can change an air source only after you've put the tape down
Be creative with time and space.
Make sure you are not making destructive noise
Nobody would ever agree with you unless you said it
If there's any feeling left, this helps it
Draw the three things you hate the most
Keeping track of new trends makes your music sound better
Make difficult gestures (flapping the head or crouching in a corner)
Focus on creating a soundtrack which suits the listener (including getting him to try new things)
Be creative
Build your schedule and stay with it
We are done for now
You're thinking - do you think, do you believe in something - that
No need to look at a tape to decide which one works best
Relax and win yourself over to sound just like you are
Go back to your original idea.
Good music is just the beginning. It all depends on what you prefer it to be
Imagine what the emotional content of this event would be
Earn five points
My body is a collection of proteins in my brain, my body is an overstatement of my genes
Translate something
Try to find an unknown answer
Keep an eye on how close you are to production
Nothing in this world matters so much - there is no need
Ride (legally) round
Use the music as a lens
You need to draw attention to that you were performing in a small space
You're trying to make noise
Indefinitely change the content of your sounds
Don't rush to be sure
Play at a fine level for the rest of the day
Turn on the lights - wait for what? - improvise only
Create cohesive, dynamic patterns
Remember how the mechanic works
Linguist
Use reflections as a stabilizer
Start from scratch
Understand each other's feelings
Use musical notation
Stand left and right
Imagine a vibrato or a horn
Repeat with more precise rhythm and more precise tone
Try new things and personalize
Repeate the tasks and problems on the stopwatch, a tool for diffusing your day
Turn on your headphones
More about the effects of environmental change
Reject suggestions, accept solutions
Duplicate the sound in those five patterns
Does the story need to fit your perception?
Do a stroke of good humor
Focus on adding to the current one
Start early on with minor variations and build up gradually
(What is an invention?)
Is the music worth believing?
Play the game
What is the point of trying?
If you're good at that, you can do anything you want
After that the tape will become more and more outrageous.
Does it happen when you forget something
Really get into the studio with the recording!
Look for clues in the music
Student
Share what you have learned
Use chaos-music as a model for recording a specific effect
Take a break for a few hours, then do a bunch of stuff again.
Appeal to you through dialogue
See you at the end
Have you stopped your chanting?
Think of where you are at
Try to keep your recordings short
Research animals
Be imaginative in ways that make it easier to focus
I have only scratched the surface of what I'm looking for
Don't find something that is wrong
Become humans
Endorphin / histamine -this, all, nothing
Imagine it as a number generator
Leave the door open for a minute or so, slow
Stop fighting, and begin anew
Sustain the listener
Be creative about your life as much as possible
People get upset, there's a lot to think
Get lots of money by making music which no one else is paying for
Rewind to the status quo
Stay sharp and positive
Keep your mind off things you do from the outside
If there is a third material on the record, choose the one that matches you best
The only error is that you can't remember it - stop trying to remember it
Write it down, insert it somewhere, remember it
The process is elegant and continuous.
Explain how to use this expressivity to develop things in the future
Do something about it
What you need to know is left over from old encounters
You cannot avoid the loop because you can't lose memory
Go deep into sound - Go deep into content -
Stop thinking of what you're going to do next and stop thinking about what you're going to do in the future
Help by composing without the use of words
Think about your life
Can you think of any other equally implausible patterns
Take on a new persona in the studio -that's what your creativity is all about
Think, what are the implications?
How do you change your mind?
One guy
Impossible
You can improvise something that is simple but complex
Fight till you find your flaw
Focus on difficult arrangements, quiet or chaotic
Negative thoughts are needed for the bliss of unconditional love
Use your imagination in terms of what you feel is most important
It is a piano or a drum solo, rather than just a piece of music
Repeat with everything.
These are the things I think are most important to me, and I want to encourage them to become clear to me.
Make sure that what you think is unique only applies to you
Don't remember everything
We are done, we don't have any enemies
Feel only a moment of inferiority
Sound a certain way when you play on the go
Indicate what kind of song you want to write
Create a break
Put some space between your emotions
Have a drink at first
Does your art speak for itself?
Go to the movies at a nice quiet place
Get at the heart of your problem
How do you feel about it?
Create a sustainable sound
Have you thought about what is going on
Smile at each other
Listen closely
Say something in English if you need a break
I don't think the music will save you
You don't have to abandon anything - just continue
No, in fact there is a possibility that this might be useful
Don't mess with reality
Make the listener consider what is expected of him
Compute new questions
Slowly add elements in new sounds to create the requisite buzz of a strong chord
Conquer cultures
Take some time to think
Remember the idea of this piece?
Is it reproducible?
What's your goal?
Repeat with the music
What is the smallest form of 'knowledge'?
Deal with the chaotic scene
Listen and review an audio piece
Stide upright and stand still - that keeps the tempo
Look at the key
The happy thinking is about things that you wish to eliminate
Be not afraid of getting up -here is no room for invective
The goal is a new attitude towards listening and responding, to the change in the external world
Rock to sleep through anything you might have
Radio play for the various tones of the language
Then make it up
Are you trying to understand my space-time?
Unequalism
Reduce the boredom
Be prepared to forget things if they continue to get worse
Look around and make something up
Listen to music slowly and with the utmost interest
Teach yourself all sorts of different languages and apply it
Like a child, in comparison to the others
Sing to yourself as you work through your illness. This is actually what several
Incompetent
How would you do it? What would you do differently now?
Be present and collaborative
Overlong phrases can be laid down later
A new cassette will now look better. Have a cassette on you: don't hold it up
Listen carefully
Focus on your activities
So much information does you need to know
Imagine you are writing a piece that has the nature of the keyboard
We want you to remember, too, that there are other ways of thinking about music that might
You'll start getting as you go
Try to find something more.
Sound similar, sure, yes, absolutely
Are you feeling like you want to start over again?
Feel good about your desire for ideas
Take the best time to get back to what you were listening to, but not the piece that made you want to play - because it was there
Go through a process of reflection, or write poetry
Instructor
Carry on with the recording
Space is you, notice - you are
Keep moving forward
Overshadows
Do something interesting when you're ready
Take the genre of the player
You'll need to arrange the sonic relationships, as the
Use greater numbers of sine waves as and when necessary
Picture, write and compose
The universe itself is a set of interconnected pieces
Set up your timetable in advance
How do you measure the scale of a cassette
You are just making noise
Focus on new sounds or relationships and make them generalizable
Look for no more than eight new words
Work on a little pattern, get the word out
Listen to your emotions, not the tone and flow
Play with sound
If it is, move on. Ignore it
The digital source is tiny, thin
Radio frequencies
Compare and contrast colour and texture of wood grain and dust
Allow the detail to fall into place
Hire artists and record projects - think long and hard about what you're trying to say
Live closely with ideas in a given space, looking for immediate results.
Play the tape and listen carefully
Use metaphor, go along with the problems you see
You'll become more conscious about the role your tone plays.
Once the tape was recorded, everyone would choose a word
If you don't, don't use it - it'll have no meaning to you
Give up yourself
Use the microphone, record with it, let it quiet down
Pray to Allah for help
Listen to the tape and leave it at that
Pause and fall back on your own individual self
Keep this small thing running, mutating and improvising until it
Determine if there is a relation between the tape and the music, or if that is
Repetition: say to each new part of the piece
Remember what you heard before
Sound free to say anything on repeat
Do you have your idiosyncratic sensibilities?
Take some time to build up some new facial expressions
Listen for sounds that make you move. I have a friend who regularly
Apply pressure to just one part of the material to get it to
The art of absurdity is why you will never come to terms with it
Draw two white cards and each draw two black cards
make it more attractive to those who are interested in it
As a first project make some music for yourself, experiment
Does this make you more self-critical?
Think of the song as a huge, long pulse
Reflection is a constant force
Patterns don't replace one another, they take into account the power of repetition
It's easy to forget about how small things get
To use voice overs
Continue playing with
Do the copy and paste process
Figure out how to use data more effectively
Maybe we don't want it yet
Use some lessening of sound
If you hit a jack on the cassette you'll get the new message
Use one or more mediums of audio
Each rehearsal changes the rhythm - switching between two notes at once
Put a stop to the distraction
Think in terms of the original
You can tape your mouth to get your notes
Win through the noise: examine nothing but what you hear
Completionist
With a microphone set, mutter "We're on to something important!"
You're singing music, so think about it for a minute
Do what you have to do - do what you have to do, but don
Pray for us
Stick to your inner words and give your suggestions to others
Changing style and tone - e.g. using    - or slight variations
Stop time or reproduce some of the sounds over time
Vocalist
Don't always write
Making sure you don't take too long to end the track
So if you find yourself immediately nervous (do all the exercises
What could go wrong?
Learn what works and what doesn't work
The instrument becomes too complex to play without changing the dynamics
Do you use cues (contrast, tension, etc) as well?
Take a few minutes to work, stay connected, discuss about issues, organize and execute
Go beyond what you already think or take your style seriously
Is there anything that's new to you that you should start to work on?
Remove everything that doesn't belong
Imagine this as the movement between a few strings
Or just existing altogether in another direction. When this is done,
Are there formulas, songs and strategies you wouldn't want to keep to yourself
Use songs and music for many different reasons
Take a break
Don't dance - at least not at the professional level
Plan a lot for the next time you need a reworking and reworking
Convert to concepts of personal improvement
If you develop an inner sense of humour you can forget some things in your life
Discuss systems in action
Modulate individual circuits and patterns to correct for varying effects
Take the genre of the song
Take the key - do it again
Then talk again
Is it worth the struggle you face?
Repetition is what happens when we abandon what we're really trying to do
No idea
Try to carry a whisper. Just keeping it very simple
Is it the vernacular? Is it somewhere in between?
Don't be afraid of interference or noise
Think about the original idea, think about the soundtrack
First note I have to go by the channel symbol: signal - the great test
Relax
There's something you could be saying
Approach new rhythms
An interface between two forms of communication
When does your communication slip into a certain vein?
Stop the songs in the moment and try to get the action
Place a breath on the listener
Love your music and have fun
Compare results and encourage others to do the same
Play along with it
Then do it again after that
How does this conflict affect your relationships?
Reframe music
Have a bit of experimentation for your next project
Dissolve jealousy
Nobody else will notice
Push a button without understanding the right way
Don't act sadist
Hold your breath
Just use one of the suggested techniques
It is actually better to make sure you go to a party, and enjoy that while at the same time
Play in two hands
See a man drawing, or a lady drawing.
Hear all the sounds and reactions you experience in every situation
Let me start with something important
Consider spatial reality
Now think about it for a long time
It keeps you distracted
Take a long detour for clarity
Focus on new ideas to develop
Think for a moment: if anything stands in the way of an action, do it.
Laugh -then repeat the sentence
Subtly surround the others
Imagine you are operating on a synthesizer
Yes, it is important to get what you want out of this tape
Don't make them think, say 'I'm really uncomfortable'
Listen closely
Turn the music on, listen to the whole spectrum of sound
Don't fret if you fail
Don't be ashamed of what I do
Maybe thinking the wrong way and moving on
How does this expression fit into your overall ideas?
Bring from other territories the wisdom of how well your masterwork fits into the little world around you
Think about the players and roleplaying they have in your life
Learn from mistakes
So go on - dance for a minute, focus on your job
In the early days it was common for players to start by vocalising the words
What does your husband think about you?
Nobody will ever leave the room for you - but you never have to be
Imagine the rhythm as a drumbeat
Define yourself
Practice.
Things that look obvious become so familiar to us
Treat people with respect
Choose the right material - paper, vinyl or colour paper
Look at the moving parts of the movement (with speed)
Use a set of basic techniques (be realistic, practice patience, etc) to improve (or not!) your sound and rhythm
Ride through it again, repeat until you come to a close-
Do this or that more regularly (and maybe pass the time)
Put the tape in - repeat
Talk about the contents of the audio
Only when your creativity is untethered
Practice different sounds, mixes, improvisations and transitions
Compare their roles with other players
In some cases have your character finished with a character
Take the chance to re-enter something from others (such as the remix)
We use them occasionally to monitor the design of tape and for determining progress in the company
The social co-existence of two worlds
Take a break when you realize you are actually now
Play the horns in your head
Explain what you are doing
Backtrack (legally) round
Don't forget, everyone can improvise within this simple frame - practice at it (essentially, staying sharp)
Study other people's ideas
Ride down, slowly come into contact with
Compare music with other pieces of music. What is the relationship of sound-value to music-value?
All of these ideas are applicable in music
If you want to look at a larger picture you'd better stop now. What were the goals?
The tape and you will be back in this time
Use the status quo
Take a break when you have more time
Just something you think is going to solve something
One moment your decision is made
Not noticing what you're looking for - just moving on
An atmospheric forest
Write down your thoughts
Make a call from the station if you hear something different from what you're hearing
Progress and other change
Make progress
Keep it clean and black and white
You may be able to change some of your practices as an option
Have you started writing a book to stay one step ahead?
Rethink ideas with the permission of the team
Using the word re-imagined
Simplify for maximum effect
The angry thinking is about bad relationships
Don't go back in
Anything really is missing
Sounds might not be compatible, but behave as one.
Create a game
To avoid distraction, get back to your core idea of self-expression
Say, 'When you are having something wrong, you will get it better
Don't tell your students that you don't feel comfortable but do something if it makes you feel better
Help each other improve
Try different ways to solve it
One phrase - only one phrase
Do you understand what you're making?
Breathe, stop spitting, stop crying
Make it a little more interesting for a moment
Mix things, and quickly improvise on what you do
Use your tongue to explain the difference between what is said in the microphone and what you are creating in the music
Keep the mindset of'maybe we should skip this'
With limited or special abilities
Think about what will happen if you change it
You're the artist and you've been given enough of a voice - nothing to invent,
Have you stopped for no apparent reason?
Think about it for a long time
How does it seem to me?
Use our powerful MOBAD system
Play the game and try again
Meander
Worst idea can never make up for something you did
What is your relationship like as a situation actor?
To hear someone say something as though they were on fire and I knew their saying to you was incredible
This is another example of how things can change without listening
Can't continue to listen without interrupting your speaker system
Let the audience interpret things
Hold the nose
Do something now
Have a deep "I got it, I want to like this like this" sound
Look for clues in the wrong place at the right time
Look carefully for ditches and flanks and try to make a decision
Have you stopped and begun doing things?
Artist
In a trance, you can recognize how your heart beats, but remember that you are not even asleep
You feel a tiny hand operating under your fingernails
Get down on your knees and relax
Let's see what we can do...
Think of the song differently and think of the precise pulse
Every person is different
Listen closely
There is a big difference between plain, straightforward and complicated
Go back in time
Being the most important person on the staff is a much bigger reason for the job than being indifferent
It reflects the same thing - just don't repeat
Be suspicious of known patterns. Remember that
Make it seem like nothing has changed
A new idea is easier to fix
Stop moving, stop falling
Ten times will sound very good
Stop changing, start looking for another way to think. - What was the last thing you thought about
Do interesting things and pop things
Just make sound
Only start with the right bits
People must realise it's something you've learned
If we don't play at all, maybe we'll be too young
A scene of minimal aesthetic difference
Don't hesitate to tell any future teacher that you had a prerecorded conversation with her about the synth. Ask about it in class
change the basic rhythm of a tone - change
Imagine these lines as notes (sometimes words) on a note grid (not time)
Does your existence matter?
Play down slowly to get to the higher harmonics
Let's put in new ideas
Maybe its a bad idea to interrupt the conversation
Some pieces of software will still work if you just change the key
You can do the trick
Subtly watch the performance and adjust to whichever one you choose
Don't lay down completely for ten minutes
The game will always be a bit dark
Create a third act of being
When do you think you can go back to it?
Can you get a vision with a signal? I can send it back
Imagine there is nothing to be listened to
You can't say anything, even if you like it
Baccalaureee
Remember, don't try to write things in harmony with the music that comes before them
Take the sound of it
Do this for months, while reading in a book
Don't even change the conversation
Start work on something that you think will get you something
Move away from the content - meaning your existence
Hear your voice - show it to the world.
Be quick to finish everything for two seconds
Make yourself focus on one important thing at a time
Start again
Have the individual perform it with the complete intensity of their body (feel free to modify your sounds and patterns)
Repeat
What is your relationship like when you're the only person in the room?
Look to the next phase of development (when the present phase is finished)
Find someone to speak with about the best things you can do right now
Turn out the reverse clockwise, reverse clockwise
How do you perform a dance?
Inaccurate moves, such as pop, didn't become standard...not for a long time.
Stop thinking about simple things
Repeat with the other
Take your time
Stop playing and not practice. It can
Leave it in the light of day
Remind them of their fundamental status as well as your identity
You don't have to allow the idea to come through. Be aware of the absence of a middle
Only when the good and the evil have intermingled
Overcome your own problems with contentment
Time passes, change the dynamics of the music becomes more uncertain
I don't think you should kill your child
Keep learning... How to make mistakes
Associate
Novelist
In a theatrical sense, you must understand and respect those you have alienated
Write the same response as you write in the video.
Stop trying to think about everything as a sequence of minor actions
Think about the environment, about the mood
Use slow note-switches or shift registers or patterns
Perhaps make a space for the music in between the words.
Use better samples
The cassette is your key to making music.
This is easier if you are not too fearful of losing your mind
Whatever you have in mind, start with
You'll have to have a tendency to feel things differently. Think
Do more, take the genre of the songs and make music they like
Take the whole picture
Read - focus on the immediate story and the tone of the
Practice and break from that routine
Do it only in a way that improves the situation
Each character changes - ignore each other
Does this make you more artistic?
Wait for what is there
Use remote radio stations
Go slow and practice
Do something negative
Take a breath of fresh air
Don't lose your nerve
Keep on singing
Don't rely on ad hominem attacks - don't attack the tape as a disc
Think long and hard about the relationship between the pieces
Read the book of mechanics. Go beyond that
Of course you can use a variety of instrumental forms
A little music therapy of sorts for the right condition or condition (depending on scope of illness and sensitivity,
Write down a date and time
Maybe we don't want it yet
Start with the biggest target or move on to other projects
Okay, forget it...
Be informed about this
Feel good!
Effortless
Think of everything as the different parts of an organism
Change the placement of our notes to match what we want
Don't stress out too much
Spend time with a child
Pay attention to other people
Executive Assistant
If you're desperate, work with people you'll be
Listen when the silence is being interrupted
Highlight words
Feel more, feel less
They got caught singing about language (and ended up
Bend down, slip left and right
If so, what is your answer?
Good drumming is the most sophisticated thing that can be done
Make it interesting for both
Remind yourself of your own.
Don't remind yourself of this time
Do something bold
Draw the most points twice and win every time
Put yourself in situations where the words you are feeling are unable to come to you - these are when you get stuck.
Unrestricted
Number 3?
Compare notes - decide on your own results
Use your hand to introduce small fragments into the audio
Have someone play piano and the band do a drum solo
Maybe we are too young or too young or too old
Think out loud
A marina surrounded by rose garden
There are two possibilities:
Goodbye, bye
For example - every mid-century classic has a circle, a base, and
The environment becomes less interesting.
If so, choose what you're trying to remove
Just accept the basic premise of the tape
Look in the mirror
Stop watching the radio and concentrate on solving the problems
Work on interactions between objects - build structures
Why are you doing this?
Unknow, deny
Analyze the game completely
How does this flow into your actions?
Can I trust you
If so, apply them to some things that exist
Enjoy nature
Turn in the pattern in one hand
Spend time outside and play simple guitar
The type of music which you want to paint
Are you leaving the room?
Why are you doing this?
Hold up a picture in your hand
Is it fun? Is it challenging?
Don't be scared of spluttering
Stuff that you want to avoid
Imagine your "Naming Instruments" and click "Strobe"
Look at it in isolation for a moment
Clinical Professor
Give someone a natural voice - say that at the other end of the studio
Step back from anything we've experienced
