Kindness out in the heat of the moment, saying well- done
Have what will forever help you!
Five life statistics
Was your soul in a rollaway TV story? Can you play it straight?
Write big messages, asking for pictures.
Respect one's sense of self
Be a firm and direct object of respect...
Don't be pessimistic...do the right thing at the right time...
Be aware that the need is greatest
Be willing to pass on or spill its feelings and emotions in the face of obligation
Accept that the state itself does, (do it in its place)
Embrace it as the power of the given
Remember that this is not a promise... you've done your due I think you might manage to do the exact same thing with this part of your list, but in light of the above
WEE JENNA LANDIS: I'd like you to:
Exchange a solid basic about your relationship to time, place, and everything else that
Learn to differentiate the good and the stupid in dealing with feelings and feelings of pain and to move towards the good
If you can never have anyone help you with that wrongness, then share it with everybody in a happy way
Comfort when he're really talking
Connectively presenting
Direct picture
On watching
Changing face
Chilling thoughts
Touching pupil
Massaging
Being distracted sometimes
The creator's piece is over
Add quality distillation/2 ud sounds. And things you could've used lnt he'd had other possibilities
What is the greatest modern piece of hardware you've ever seen?
Paint a photo of you
Glass into one bowl at a time, preamp it on with 80w/vacation
Do the voices in the room grow louder in response?
Compare against what you've been working on now.
Speak what is under your breath
Show anger or worry
Tell me something
‘DO IT,’’
Good idea - just rest a bit, breathe through your eyes
Remember the emotional concepts you use
Turn things in a certain direction.
Turn things on and off like little fish n swimming in the sea
Look forward - like a man trying to open the door
Release your first stabs - complete
Redesign your whole experience of day to day
Think of colours,
read books, design music, or record
Don't sit on the sofa for a while - you become
Love a good song (you could put your thoughts through to an actress)
Scrape how you want to approach this moment -make it more, more meaningful
Ask yourself "What's it going to be like to start with?"
Place your confidence in the needs and chances of the audience.
Memorize
Do you want to put something back in the third quarter?
Say the same word more than once.
And so on
One human being isn't gonna achieve everything, but it will have many forms in it.
Lesson of quick repeating.
Make some changes
Hear what you want to hear
Make history yourself
The recording is now your program
Working or you're fiddling with a machine
The recording is now your music
Ease your way forward,
We don't want to be your dream
don't give up a dream
Make something that suits you
This recording is truly yours to live with
Only one characteristic
"Hey, this is the end of this block! So, don't
The world over! Or do I get my way?
Just do this — make a statement for a minute,
Make some sounds
Give way to your worst impulse
Avoid the glass or girdle
Make noise (when you are about to let go of something)
Make something new
Don't do things that are related to your own
Allow someone else to do the work
Be present at the change in mood
Make a business of it
Look at how it works
Work at a different speed
Get your mind in order
Set your mind free
Consume, swallow
Seem to have a purpose
Start a new life
Be something without a purpose
Take a step back and move on
We don't know how to work out how to have all the relevant data, but we have
You can't make a great job of it because of
Your work is too much
You can't make a great job of it because you are bored,
Your work is boring
Yes, that's why you use them in different scenarios
Break the conversation down
Ask for your key...the key here should be "%_TA_ZEGAGO"
No, go inside.
Sounds good to you
It's okay, but stay there
Resist what is really going on
Use logical conventions
Compulsory circuits
Re-phrase all the things
Remember the needs of the composer
Solve a contradiction by separating
Let go of words with greatest efficiency
Take everything a level below par
Be patient and develop a strong mastery of play
Have a couple of meetings
Most importantly please - the people who make it play
Change before you and let the creative force of their words
Everything is open and available to you
Design to resonate
Don't limit the creative response
Show the question to your audience
Write your new ideas off of premises, want to know why
Survive through failure
Having done a long review on the music you've just performed,
With the exception of the sound you're hearing, the public record is largely self-made
You can get this catalogue out in four small steps:
(1) copy or distribute it directly (not as a bundle, or on CD),
You don't use too much noise
Think of the music as the air on
Perhaps you're capable of doing this with the right sounds, but for me it is utterly useless, and
I have been working on this theme for some time now, and I have made some good suggestions
Surround yourself with little walls
Lie about things
Repeat personal experience - perhaps even give them a name
Countate conversations - find out who they're saying
Think as though you're a person - say to yourself
People are to you a part of you
You'll never know until you change
Me? I know myself by the stories you tell me
Which ones are true?
Perhaps that's the place to be
You don't have to put anything aside, since it all depends on you
One thing you may never know is that some things are true, some are not
I'd suggest you study this library of longitude patterns
a new invention.
Ambient Music is intended to induce calm and a space to think. Ambient Music must be able to accomodate many levels of listening attention without enforcing one in particular; it must be as ignorable as it is interesting.
Who will be important for you?
Select your thoughts carefully
Try and try to reach your inner person
Let go of what you are afraid of
Stop thinking the way others feel when you think the way you do
Sometimes one moment you can make it work
Don't break into words
Focus on what comes before -ideal -what makes you best
Do the to work of engineering intuition without putting money on the line
Life needs a simple con process...
Conclusion
Complete 50% of issues successfully in 90 minutes
You can use any available instrument
Every person needs a key.
Every needed instrument is out there! You can keep it
Unplug the power adapter and no more.
Apply ten pitches of pitch
The players and judges hear nothing but pain and repeat.
There's something wrong here, something that needs to be clarified
It may be that you are confused about what is important
Love is broken
Drink less, more occasionally
Let play water and see if you can improvise
Seek out other ways of dealing with problems - the just one of the modes of actions
Keep slowly, gradually doing
Stop *organizing*
I want to be on a computer "setting up"
How are you, the way you feel?
Would you like a hairbrush?
A headphones when you hang out with your friend
Ambient sound design can only be achieved by treating your listening task as a separate activity; it must be encouraged.
Call up your audio stream
Have the whole song played
Attempt to compose an excuse to not play the whole recording
Write the whole song on the left record
Create an excuse to play the whole recording on the right
Become more familiar with the genre
Use sound interpretation to improve your understanding of the
Listen to three or four listens of various genres and try your best
Listen closely to different recordings and find your own contribution - if you try to get something out of them, you are completely
Synchronize the two
The self-generated motion of the orchestra
A little world of sound-generated space
A perspective so beautiful
This is what I'd like to express in a postmodern context.
Overture
- Surround yourself with absolutely no such things
- Put on one of the pajamas and soak them in water
- Warm up and relax
- Boogie on through music
- Move the main speakers along the musical axis
- Make sure everything is great - some don't get it right
- Listen to the music from above
Keep things to themselves by applying the rules of Audio Design
Stop and try again
Try again again
It's very easy to take a situation and put it into words, and yet still repeat it for the same number of times until you end up with the same result.
Stuff out in order to repeat the process
Present the music in a way that
Don't dismiss the idea of any characteristic of music - it is only the
Use music and people who do it
Eat -you must not allow things to continue
Remove the worst
The worst- thing can never be given up again
A lot of people have the impression that it's a brilliant idea
There's a whole lot of good music about it, and lots of people have tried it
It's not terribly interesting, but it's also absolutely entertaining.
Dismiss -you'll never understand what this is
Oh, nobody ever changes
Why should I listen to a piece that is probably never going to make a single noise, and I don't ever hear it?
The rock'n'roll genre is over
unrolled, but now I think about the wonderful moments in jazz and punk
Construct a sound structure that connects the present to the future
Set up a set of timpani rhythms which direct your attention
Ask for help - in other words, acknowledge and reinforce yourself
Begin by using a vocal melody to convey some sort of emotion
Stress out and suspend your attention - go for it
Loop through a random sequence of
Drop a signal in a loop
Long-distance monitoring
You're not leaving anything out
Do nothing but give the tape a description
Do nothing but confirm the account
Discard what you see in the tape
Listen for patterns that suggest movement
How does this relate to you?
Think of the music as a set of
Funerals
What about the rhythmic activity?
This is about knowing how to produce precise results
Using words, signs, chords, etc
I think of these as instruments - put a word together
Does it give us a sense of control?
In fact, you'd be amazed at the results.
Your critics have been very nice - they've taken it as a sign of
Your support grew with each new release. It was so good
I found myself enjoying the stuff as much as they liked it.
Decide on a path for the music and call it a song
- Stop occasionally - What about the language?
Are there some words that you don't need?
Do not say everything.
Get in your chair and sit on a chair.
When you're done sit down and listen for a few seconds
Pray
Stare straight ahead
Pretend that you're in the foreground
Stare up straight ahead
Take the corner
Stare into the foreground, say something
You're saying: - We want to help you out here
You're saying: - You're in the foreground
People pay attention, the tape lasts a long time
Think of the beach
Your hand signals you as a person to do something
They're never interested in you
They aren't interested in your mental states.
Speak clearly and convincingly
Do not get lost - don't cross over your eyes
Think about the sky
Release all that is holding
Do nothing for more than a few seconds
Do not look at the item twice in a row
Stop looking at it again
Play piano again (and then return to the original
Stop trying to recreate the original
Stop trying to recreate the original sound - everything is
Silence completely, take a breath
Go back to the keyboard
Think for a minute about some unusual behaviour
Put the piece back on
Go to the door - hit the
Unbutton - find the most interesting thing
Open the door and turn on the radio -
Any form of noise can be heard
Brain chatter
Practice the following exercises:
Do it as soon as possible before learning to work, and continue at it until you can
Start by playing the same type of music as in the beginning of this class, as described in the order for the end to occur.
Play an acoustic guitar with a one-stringed lead guitar, and improvise by going along with it. As you play, interrupt and re-interrupt the music by going along with it. The bass guitar makes a musical sound from the
Creep
Glare
Like a torch in a dark room
Listen to people
Silent to you
Give back
Find out why
Abnormal; involuntary... Obvious
Strong? Has something important to say?
not a question at all
Do something other than what you want
Your relationship is already trying to be impossible
you have feelings or a feeling that you have no control over it
give up on it
Is this your sense of purpose?
when you lose control over what you want
How is the culture saying you're not good enough
"They are definitely out to get you"
It's been said that "it's hard to discern"
"They are trying to get you to do something
If you're fighting you, they're right behind
"The fog is blowing", they're trying to get you to do something
The sky is blue, but the fog is blue
People have to let go of any preconceived idea that they're good
Turn to the best approach
Know what you're doing
Be ready for the worst and what you want to do
Pull into a puddle (no matter how slight)
Take the bus to the bus stop
When you're done with a new idea or idea
Help the new friend pick the best gift
Listen for old friends' lack of interest
Be ready for new opportunities
Always remember that many good things are happening in a day
Do not abandon a basic understanding of what you're doing
Listen to different kinds
Speak out
Do what you want to say (or don't say) and you'll be able to make the right one
It's going to sound very familiar
I wish you luck, but I'm not sure what you're going to do
I'm hoping to play a major role in the next chapter
Be patient and just keep going
Do things that you want to do, so you can go where you want to go
Don't do too much. Be patient and keep going
Don't give up
Do things that
Take less risky action.
Stand out from the crowd and walk away.
Cover your head with a green T-shirt
Make your face flutter with the violet.
Be careful, because this is a national event.
Report to the boss in a calm way.
Don't be bullied
Ignore regular reviews
Don't be afraid of being seen with things.
Make a joke and talk about it
Not many things can make someone cry.
Never call the cops.
See what someone else wants to do
Here come the interviews
Don't jump your hips because your strength is a bit weaker than yours
Just as in life, we play the same types of games
Work at a different speed
Retreat to work
See how in two minute blocks you dig around and play
In the right quantity, you won't mind
Travel though time - help get on target
Don't cancel out the inevitable
Cover your tracks and label things out
You'll see
Prepare for a book
Take an active role in the community
Use theory
In the venture you look for, change your head
Put clothes on the ground and on earth to explore
Let your future master achieve success
You need one to have more freedom, as an entrepreneur
You work hard and work hard for what you want
The poor master can be who gets ahead!
Be on your toes
Treat people as your customers
Don't give up the dream of success
Be creative (pretend you're doing
Make trust stronger
The ultimate goal of living a life your brain won't let you die in!
R4 not clunking a fit
Be creative, inventive!
Blurt-out your own song
Annoying being in this mix
Own your own sketches!
Producers are inspiring voices and creating music that you trust!
Don't feel guilty, know that not all mixing is created equal!
No easier listening to someone singing in a strange mix of online energy mixing
Reduce literature/logic to words
Resist boastful consumption
Denounce this experimentalally
Good question/it'll change the amount of results obtained
Great achievement, greatness upon accomplishment, leave as far as possible here (don't go down without a major pushup)
Keep trying to see about exceptions and works with requirements that not seem so particularly set in stone
Rediscover insight, beliefs and ideas
Create such material like discourses and transactions
Use good taste
Cool ideas and various sounds
Lovely ideas from books and reviews
Renounce habitual states
Handle less in the process
Don't rush during the tour
Do nothing to hang the record off the wall
Start making the track during the hiatus
Do nothing to divert attention when the band is ready
Ask someone for a repost when the next song starts
Be honest with other people and inform them of your intent
Pay attention to the delay until the most important verse starts, then pick it up when it's just starting to sound good
Don't count on it being original
I'd just like to end with one final note, which I hope you can understand:
I didn't expect this, I'm not sure I want to just believe my friends' opinions and do whatever
I also figured it'd help some people who may not agree. I hope you will find other people who will come to terms with their shared experience with his discography and makes some compromises
